New FAQ for install index page (#3879)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/install-azure-cli.md

> [!NOTE]
> If you're using the Azure classic deployment model, [install the Azure classic CLI](install-classic-cli.md).

## FAQ

### Where is the Azure CLI installed?

> When installing the Azure CLI, you cannot select an install location. In Windows, the 32-bit Azure CLI installs in `C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SDKs\Azure\CLI2` and the 64-bit in `C:\Program Files\Microsoft SDKs\Azure\CLI2`. In Linux, programs are more distributed.  Most binaries are in `/bin` or `/sbin` and most libraries are in `/lib`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing the Azure CLI, you cannot select an install location. In Windows, the 32-bit Azure CLI installs in `C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SDKs\Azure\CLI2` and the 64-bit in `C:\Program Files\Microsoft SDKs\Azure\CLI2`. In Linux, programs are more distributed. It's located in `/opt/az/` on Ubuntu and Debian,  `/lib64/az/` on CentOS, RHEL and Azure Linux
```

Author: Thanks, @bebound!  I've added this information.

> User-specific configuration files are located in `$HOME/.azure` on macOS and Linux, and `%USERPROFILE%\.azure` on Windows.  These locations are known as the `AZURE_CONFIG_DIR`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User-specific configuration files are located in `$HOME/.azure` on macOS and Linux, and `%USERPROFILE%\.azure` on Windows. These locations are known as the `AZURE_CONFIG_DIR`.
```
